profile/README.md, before:

## Hi, Welcome to SparkLearn EdTech's GitHub Page 👋

![SparkLearn EdTech Cover Photo](https://github.com/sparklearnedtech/.github/blob/main/images/cover-photo.png)

SparkLearn EdTech is an online educational platform for blockchain technology.

Due to its technical nature, understanding blockchain technology and its underlying parts are complicated. But to participate in this emerging technology, the community must learn how it works, the risks and rewards, and the opportunities to prepare for the new world where blockchain technology is inevitable.

SparkLearn EdTech is an avenue where experts, influencers, or content creators can share their knowledge about blockchain technology with the community.

### 🎯 Our Mission

SparkLearn EdTech aims to help people start their learning journey about blockchain technology through easy to advanced content prepared by industry experts and content creators.

### 📈 Our Vision

SparkLearn EdTech envisions a community that builds different use cases using blockchain technology, which will drive mass adoption.

### 💻 Products and Services

- [SparkLearn EdTech Website](https://sparklearn-edtech.com) - Our company website
- [SparkLearn EdTech Webapp](https://app.sparklearn-edtech.com) - Our MOOC platform for our online courses
- [Blockchain Developer Bootcamp](https://github.com/primer/css) - Our bootcamp program focusing on Blockchain and Web3 DApps development

Commit message:

Add SparkLearn rSRK Faucet on Products and Services section on `profile/README.md`

profile/README.md, after:

## Hi, Welcome to SparkLearn EdTech's GitHub Page 👋

![SparkLearn EdTech Cover Photo](https://github.com/sparklearnedtech/.github/blob/main/images/cover-photo.png)

SparkLearn EdTech is an online educational platform for blockchain technology.

Due to its technical nature, understanding blockchain technology and its underlying parts are complicated. But to participate in this emerging technology, the community must learn how it works, the risks and rewards, and the opportunities to prepare for the new world where blockchain technology is inevitable.

SparkLearn EdTech is an avenue where experts, influencers, or content creators can share their knowledge about blockchain technology with the community.

### 🎯 Our Mission

SparkLearn EdTech aims to help people start their learning journey about blockchain technology through easy to advanced content prepared by industry experts and content creators.

### 📈 Our Vision

SparkLearn EdTech envisions a community that builds different use cases using blockchain technology, which will drive mass adoption.

### 💻 Products and Services

- [SparkLearn EdTech Website](https://sparklearn-edtech.com) - Our company website
- [SparkLearn EdTech Webapp](https://app.sparklearn-edtech.com) - Our MOOC platform for our online courses
- [SparkLearn rSRK Faucet](https://faucet.sparklearn-edtech.com) - Our faucet where you can get free rSRKs for testing as you learn to build your own DApp
- [Blockchain Developer Bootcamp](https://github.com/primer/css) - Our bootcamp program focusing on Blockchain and Web3 DApps development
